Hi guys all good
I came to record a video for you guys today.
quickly giving a gift tip and the
Today's tip is a stylized wallet and
I have special participation today
I'm with fiona that she did not leave
record video but without it
So I'm going to become a pirate in this video.
so good the wallet that I'm talking about
This one here is made of material is
100% eco-friendly even leather I
I'll zoom in so you can see better.
As you can see, the wallet is fine.
used then you already have my name here
recorded and she also
also notice the stitching that
on the sides and inside it a part is
plastic in a transparent part of the
and the other part has two
for you to place your
credit card documents and everything else
this fall is perfect for you
gift your parents to your mother or your
father that secret friend you take
and the person already has everything and you do not know
what you give her is the gift
perfect'm sure the person
also will not stop using it, I like it
many of these portfolios because I who
always travel to são paulo campinas
I always put my money
my credit card and it is only
necessary then you already have your name
Another cool thing would be for you to put your
name and your phone then you
miss at the bus station or some other place
the person can contact you
to return I really liked this
wallet is one of the gifts so
it's worth a super gift wore and the
cool, that's super cool then
the institutions to be seen are
the best you can give that
special person also that person
you do not know much
you may have recommended your
wallet in the fanpage then they will be
all the information here
lack of information then if you liked
This wallet wants to order your father.
for your friend, boyfriend, good to be
down here for you to take a look
colors are my choice in the
pink there are the black roses
finally there are several colors, so stay on
screen choose the colors and this is not a
tip very quickly for you who do not
You never know what to give as a gift.
this is a gift tip for
the portfolio used in case
Are you interested in a little look here?
in the information block for you
order yours then this is it i hope
Have you liked the video a super
kiss sign here under the window
no video and czech